c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\bin\Debug\net9.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\bin\Debug\net9.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\bin\Debug\net9.0\orderThing.staticwebassets.runtime.json
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\bin\Debug\net9.0\orderThing.staticwebassets.endpoints.json
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\bin\Debug\net9.0\orderThing.exe
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\bin\Debug\net9.0\orderThing.deps.json
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\bin\Debug\net9.0\orderThing.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\bin\Debug\net9.0\orderThing.dll
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\bin\Debug\net9.0\orderThing.pdb
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\orderThing.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\orderThing.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\orderThing.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\orderThing.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\orderThing.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\orderThing.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\orderThing.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\scopedcss\Views\Shared\_Layout.cshtml.rz.scp.css
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\scopedcss\bundle\orderThing.styles.css
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\scopedcss\projectbundle\orderThing.bundle.scp.css
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\37cwcm9iag-b9sayid5wm.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\fhmrdb950e-61n19gt1b8.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\pn1tj8ra49-xtxxf3hu2r.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\fhaaytvdib-bqjiyaj88i.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\a4cbcjq7sm-c2jlpeoesf.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\5dmc6rvqhg-erw9l3u2r3.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\3gxvz9w72i-aexeepp0ev.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\0jowe88ct6-d7shbmvgxk.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\i8iqe9mlu0-ausgxo2sd3.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\c9bs39pwlz-k8d9w2qqmf.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\il63muke08-cosvhxvwiu.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ej5alncljq-ub07r2b239.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\atxkttuan0-fvhpjtyr6v.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\133h3se4a6-b7pk76d08c.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\qzf2hdatvq-fsbi9cje9m.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\t97t25ah0v-rzd6atqjts.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\vak1bmf8z3-ee0r1s7dh0.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\idkarodxny-dxx9fxp4il.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ogc3pky1ne-jd9uben2k1.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\s2tu20luwh-khv3u5hwcm.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\lafux25n42-r4e9w2rdcm.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\wg0bpjoize-lcd1t2u6c8.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\iv7m6yqrd1-c2oey78nd0.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\zhnm7u13z7-tdbxkamptv.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\5zxd83jxg8-j5mq2jizvt.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ia6h8xfpk0-06098lyss8.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\6b0cfptl00-nvvlpmu67g.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ou71j25bsf-s35ty4nyc5.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\1eq16so0aq-pj5nd1wqec.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\30zywsdd0i-46ein0sx1k.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\fzjb3ni9hz-v0zj4ognzu.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\6lpl05g7qn-37tfw0ft22.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\tp5dy19a0x-hrwsygsryq.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\wbgtfbue6k-pk9g2wxc8p.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ricrulh8ia-ft3s53vfgj.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\kaf3uwhyum-6cfz1n2cew.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\xmle5xqf37-6pdc2jztkx.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\4pljc810xg-493y06b0oq.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\atzhmulk9c-iovd86k7lj.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\685rgg68j2-vr1egmr9el.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\bsfqagbalt-kbrnm935zg.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\7q6x4esyzz-jj8uyg4cgr.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\qgswjl35qt-y7v9cxd14o.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\1iluatnd8f-notf2xhcfb.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\0py5wg4qhn-h1s4sie4z3.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\bkdzljp7cl-63fj8s7r0e.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ncghg36coc-0j3bgjxly4.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\qr8pb092ls-47otxtyo56.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\uweyglgqpv-4v8eqarkd7.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\46t7zz621c-356vix0kms.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\9tfdsnrg85-83jwlth58m.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\4d3u3s7ipd-mrlpezrjn3.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\4w7u3oiogs-lzl9nlhx6b.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\3rucq4gtw3-ag7o75518u.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\55ecmylaa8-x0q3zqp4vz.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\b8bf9s759w-0i3buxo5is.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\qiax16waty-o1o13a6vjx.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\64yg8jqa2k-ttgo8qnofa.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\qlm8hjdioa-2z0ns9nrw6.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\zikjht6ef3-muycvpuwrr.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\zbjgd3fh53-87fc7y1x7t.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\qhhxc1gu4g-mlv21k5csn.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\49krxg0hld-6u2rof7c4r.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\4fqfxb0wpn-6u2rof7c4r.gz
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.build.endpoints.json
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.orderThing.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.orderThing.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssetEndpoints.props
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.orderThing.props
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.orderThing.props
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.orderThing.props
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\orderThing.dll
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\refint\orderThing.dll
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\orderThing.pdb
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\orderThing.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\lab_services_student\Desktop\vsPorgrams\order thing\orderThing\obj\Debug\net9.0\ref\orderThing.dll
